01/06 11:44
Features done:
	1)Created login system.
	2)Created area to add a new note.
	3) Displayed the notes created in the home page.
	4) Created a way for the user to edit the notes.	
	5) Created delete feature.

14/06 12:55
Features done:
	1)Improved the styling of the login page.
	2)Implemented feature of adding notes without reloading the page!
	3)Implemented feature of deleting note without reloading the page. The only problem is that the browser doesn't exclude the note since it is already loaded. I have to do this somehow with javascript. Working on it.

25/06 18:49
Features done:
	1) Implemented the edit feature inside a modal without reloading the page. Now, everytime the user clicks the note, it will go to the edit section. Have to figure out a way to display images as well.
	2) Implemented delete feature. Now, when the user deletes a note it will be removed from the browser without reloading the page.

26/06 10:56
Features done: 
	1) Added animation in the notes' div. Now, when the user passes the mouse over the note, it will interect with it.
	2) Added animation in the 'add note' area (input and textarea). Now, when the user clicks in the textarea, it will slide down and the title input will pop up.
	3) Redesign the login page. It now displays a video, an introduction to the project and the login input.
	4) Redesign the note's modal. Now it looks similar to the Google Keep's design. I'm not trying to copy it. I just use as a reference.
	5) Was able to implement a feature so that when the user clicks out of the textarea, it comes back to normal (displays only the textarea with the placeholder "Write a new note..."). However, it isn't fully implemented (for now it only does something if the div 'notes' is clicked). Have to figure out a way to do what it is suposed to do while clicking anywhere outside the textarea!

28/06 18:15
Features done:
	1)Added fixed navbar.
	2)Added colors (green and platinum)
	3)Added search input (using PHP)
	4)Added sidebar (right now it's blank)


29/06 12:36
Features done: 
	1)Fixed the problem with the sidebar in the search area.
	2)Added profile page
	3)Added feature to upload profile image and edit information
	4)Added feature to edit and update personal information


30/06 21:02
Feature done:
	1) Added the feature of seeing more notes (using AJAX) when the page is scrolled to the bottom.
	2) Added a loading animation in the bottom of the page.
	3) Fixed the animation with the textarea - now when the user clicks outside of it, the padding bottom will be equal to 0 and the title input will disappear.

04/07 13:35
Features done:
	1) Fixed search feature in mobile devices.
	2) Fixed profile page in mobile devices.

05/07 12:28 
Features done:
	1) Added username and e-mail checking using AJAX

06/07 15:35
Features done: 
	1) Begin to add error handlers in the signup page. Still have to finish it.

07/07 16:07
Features done:
	1)Made the modal containing the notes more responsive. It's a little better on mobile as well, but I still have to fix some issues there. 
	2)Added feature of only displaying 950 characters in the note and thus making it more compact. When the user clicks the note all the content is displayed as you would assume.

10/07 14:33
Features done: 
	1) Changed the font in the website to a better one.
	2) Fixed sidebar animation and added some items on it.
	3) Added new feature: when the user scrolls down the page, the nav automatically displays a shadow.
	4) Fixed the signup page logic. Now the user will see some interactions and borders when something wrong is done. I still have to fix some error handlers though (check if the email is a valid one).

12/07 14:33
Features done:
	1)Fixed some display erros for mobile devices. The notes were being porly displayed. Now the notes can be seen with a greater font size and more clear. I need to fix the problem with the bottoms though.

13/07 13:26
Features done:
	1) Made sure that when the user deletes a note, the page automatically loads the 10 notes from the DB (which is the limit I set). This fixed the error of not displaying any notes if the user decided to delete the 10 notes displayed originally when the page loaded. Now every time the user deletes the note, the 10 notes must appear on the screen. When the number of notes reaches 10 or less, the page don't load any.
	2)Made sure that when the user gets to the bottom of the page, the countNum variable that counts the number of notes in the DB gets updated. This solved the problem of not loading the adicional notes due to the variable not loading the number sometimes when a note is added.	
	3) Before, when the user loaded all of the notes and then deleted one that was not in the first 10 in the beginning, the page would load again only the first 10 due to an line of code i wrote. Now this doesn't happen anymore.

13/08 17:10
Features done:
	1) Made the notes fullscreen to fix some errors (height of the note content)
	2) Fixed what was needed to start implementing the image feature in the notes

15/01/2019 09:38
Hi there. I'm back again hehehe.
Yesterday I fixed a very dangerous security flaw with regard to the accessibility of the notes by non authorized user in the front end. I think that is now fixed, but I have to be careful with the desing of the back end, otherwise things like this will happen in the future - and they probably will. I think I'll find another one of these again. The thing is that I have to be always learn from mistakes like these.
Well, these are the features done yesterday and today:
	1)Fixed security issue;
	2) Fixed notes loading animation;
	3) Fixed problem with the validation page. Before, anyone could just go into the page with the browser and see the animation page. Now, it will only be displayed after the user logged in. I also set the delay time in the validation page to 3 seconds. Before it wasn't working but now it is.

24/01/2019 22:05
	1)Implemented the fade-in animation of the notes (have to fix the fade-out animation)
	2) Removed the fact that the scrollbar would be hidden when the note was clicked.

26/01/2019 18:47
	1) Added the feature that allow users to download the backup of all their notes.
	2)Implemented the sync saving feature where users don't need to click in the save button to save the note in the database. Now, the user only needs to write the note up and it is saved in the DB. (I need to fix the problem with the page not reloading the notes in when the user searches for a note - already fixed!!)
	3)Fixed some error messages that appeared in the console.
	There's a problem I need to fix: when the user updates a note that is way down in the feed, e.g needed the user to scroll down and load another set of notes, the main page only loads the first 10 notes and not all of the notes the user already loaded. Have to fix this later.

02/07/2019
1)Changed some pictures in the index page and updated some texts. Now I think it looks more professional.
2)Created effect that enhances the video background in the index page. I just created another div with min-height:100% e min-width:100% with rgba(black, 0.4) so that the opacity could decrease and improve the readibility of the header in front of the video.

10/07/2019
1)Fixed a problem I was having while searching notes -I couldn't close the modal. I had I fucking hard time trying to find the problem and it was on the position of the script tag in the html file =/. Pay attention to that next time.

12/07/2019
1) Improved front end in the index page. I changed the header and some of the icons in the page. I think now is way more awesome than before. I need to improve the front end of the plataform though. That's something for another day.
2) Created sidebar for mobile.


02/09/2019
1)Fixed problem in the profile page. Now users can edit their information separate from updating passwords. Before everytime they wanted update the info, they were obliged to create a new password.
2)Created a search.php file where all the searchs are now displayed. I also solved a security issue: now users cannot inject scripts using the search field. I still need to fix this for the notes though.

Things I still have to implement:

1)add label system to the notes.(DONE)
2) Edit notes (DONE)
3)Delete notes (DONE)
4)Display the date of the creation of the note.(DONE)
5) add error handlers in the sign up and login.(DONE)
6) add error handlers in the add note section. (working on it)
7) Add images to the notes.
8) Make sure that when the user clicks out of the note, the note is automatically saved.(DONE)
9) ADD a navbar with the search feature using AJAX. (Done not using Ajax)
10) When the first note is added, it is not displayed in the browser without reloading. Have to fix this...(DONE-I think... :D)
11) Display a fix amount of notes in the home page and, when scroll down to the last position, display more notes.(DONE)
11.2)Create loading animation in the bottom of the page. (DONE)
12) Fix the problem-> when deleting notes using the trash can, it opens the note because you need to click the div - and I set the command to open the note as soon the user clicks it.(Have to work on this later)
12.2) Make sure that when the user clicks to delete a note, the note has some animation of being deleted.
13) Make sure that when the user clicks outside the textarea, the title input fades away and the textarea shrinks in padding bottom. Right now it only does that if the div notes is clicked.(DONE)
14) Implement the profile page with user information and image.(DONE)
15) Create box that shows up when the user clicks the profile image in the navbar.
16) Insert the buttons in the side bar. (probably setting buttons and so on) (DONE)
17) Create a version of the web app that uses criptography and stores all the notes encrypted on server (a more secure alternative)
18) Create in the setting part a feature that allows the user to change the main color of the app among other things!
19) Make sure that when the user types something this is stores directly into the database without clicking the save changes button! This is important.
20) Create animation on the note that was added!
21) Need to fix the loading problem on mobile devices (right now when you go to the bottom of the page the rest of the notes are not loaded (will see this later).
22) I still need to solve the problem of the bottoms going on top of the text when the keyboard is used in mobile devices.
23) And I still need to fix the problem with the scrollbar visibily: sometimes when the user deletes a note the scrollbar dissapears and won't appear again - I know code this, but still have to fix what is causing the issue.
24)Fix problem with profile page. To do anything you need to type you password and if you don't, it assumes you password is '' and it sends it to the database. Your secure password is now empty! kkkk. Fix that...


